# CS-330
	In the past when coding, I used an ad-hoc approach. I have an idea in mind about how I want the program to work, then I fiddle with it until it works the way I want it to. Lately, however, I have adopted a more refined approach. I spent the time to plan out how the program will function (what data structures and algorithms to use). I come up with a few ways to make it work in case my first idea doe not work. Most of all, I try to focus on the problem I am trying to solve, rather than focusing on making my solution work. I keep things as simple as possible as well. I focus on one art at a time, so that the my design is as modular as I can make it. That way I can refactor, update and add to it as needed. This not only makes maintaining it easier, it also makes the code a lot cleaner and easier to read. 
	Computational graphics and visualizations really helped me to understand how the CPU and GPU work together to produce graphics. It refined my math skills as well. It was interesting to have to think about a digital word in terms of coordinates and vectors. It is something that I had not had much practice with. Furthermore, it gave me a whole new appreciation for game development, which was something that I had not much interest in. Now I think it would be the right amount of challenge for me, and well worth the effort to learn more about. There are so many fun things that can be done graphics. Since most apps have some sort of GUI, learning how the graphics work, seems like it would really pay off, and be quite interesting. 
